---
title: Lesson 11/3/16
layout: post
author: aidan.meazzo
permalink: /lesson-11/3/16/
source-id: 151rYcFgH_u0EdbISOy95CPEy5rCyxnuEvtXa_eDpkck
published: true
---
Lesson 11/13/16

Peripherals = Are not the things that make a computer work they are the inputs and outputs for example a microphone is the input while the speaker is the output so these are one of the many peripheral while RAM is not.

Hard drive = Is the storage, the long term memory of the computer not the short. When the computer is switch off this memory will be kept

RAM = Is the short term memory of the computer and will forget about it when it is switched off.

CPU (Central Processing Unit) = The CPU is mostly called the brain of the computer. It handles all of the inputs and processes them and then sends them out to the output 

Device.

Malware = Malware is a type of software that is made to try and stop your computer from running one type of Malware is a virus but there is many more like a worm and Trojan.

Virus = A Virus is a program is was created by someone to cause problems for the owner of the computer. They spread by doubling and attaching itself to another file. There is many different types of Viruses. Viruses can be very bad or can just be a tiny problem.

Worm = The worm is a type of malware, the worm is a very hard computer to get rid of. It gets onto one computer and then just copies itself onto another making it very hard to stop. When worms land on a computer they are mostly meant to take control of it and steal whatever they need to. 

Trojan = The Trojan horse also called the Trojan is a type of malware, this malware unlike the others can not double its self. The way it got its name is when the greeks pretended to run away and sent the Trojans a gift but inside the gift there were many Greek soldiers then at the night when everyone in the Trojan army was celebrating the Greek jump out of the gift and slaughtered everyone. That is how this malware got its name since it starts out as something friendly and then shows that it isn't and deletes data, blocks data, changes data and copies data.

  

Botnet = A botnet also known as a zombie army is where some different computers have been taken over without anyone knowing and are being controlled by a kind of mother computer telling them what to do. Some things that the mother computer wants them to do these things include spams, viruses and transmissions to different computers they have connected to. 

  

