---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: aidan.meazzo
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1heZpiB2_Ao6VzZk7C8M4B_Z8HlYQJ35ZMZEt6fXIcv8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Using the fuse box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>1/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The last exercise of 4.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete exercise 4.2 and move on to the robot arm.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes we did we completed exercise 4.2 and moved on to the robot arm and now are only a few pages away from finishing the whole book. We managed this because we had help from someone who didn't have his partener that lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we had some help from another person because his partner wasn't in the lesson. Having an extra partner could have help us work quicker and could of made us work slower, in my opinion he did both. On the exercise of the light resistor he helped a lot because while i put in all the wires, my partener type in the code while the other person read out what he needed to type in. This way of working was very effective until we moved on to the robot arm exercise.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When we moved on to the robot arm exercise all of us want to type in code and make it do stuff this created problems because we start to fight and that slowed our progress to a halt. After about ten minutes of doing barely anything we sorted out roles and decided a time for each of us to change so we all had a go at making the robot arm do something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve me and my partners learning next lesson, we need to assigned each one jobs to do and a time to swap over. This will improve how much learning we get done because we both will know we get a turn with the robot arm. If we do this next lesson we will complete the book and be able to experiment if different things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


