---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: aidan.meazzo
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1ldrxrPpHtun8ff5PDkvLqrPLN_ut7O2_DrF0EH8ZdKE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuse box work</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Final task of exercise 4.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach around halfway through exercise 4.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>We nearly did because we got stuck on the exercise half way through the book</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This in my opinion was the best lesson we have had this school year. This is because me and my partener work extremely well together. This was because i would set up all the different parts of the exercise to make it work while he would type in the code this double the speed me worked at. This lesson we were introduced to a new piece of equipment, this piece of equipment when you had the code working and all the wires in the right place, would make a circle appear in the middle of the screen depending on how much light is shined on it. If there was no light on it there would be one tiny dot and if you shined a lot of light on it there would be a big circle in the middle of the screen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we check that our fuse box worked because last lesson our fuse box kept switching off. After we started working we got the row of lights working with no problem and then we moved on to the light resistor part this created problems because on the second stage with the light resistor for some strange reasons it wouldn't work. We tried changing the light resistor, checking if the code is right and checking if the wires in the right place. Then five minutes before the end of the lesson we ask our teacher and told him what we had tried and even he couldn't figure it out, That is the main reason we did not finish the exercise and move on to the robot arm exercise.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think this lesson we did mostly everything right maybe we could ask our teacher early to help and not keep trying the same thing over and over again.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


