---
title: Lesson 1
layout: post
author: aidan.meazzo
permalink: /lesson-1/
source-id: 109MrolV_AU0kfPr7lt3q4ehvEWJYuwfrgOzrXWOTjCM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuse Box Work</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td> The beginning of Exercise 4.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach exercise 4.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Nearly we reach the last task on exercise 4.1</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We started the lesson a bit slow since the first fuse box we used wouldn't switch on. After we decided to switch our fuse box for another one we started the exercise. We started quite slow but after a while we start getting a bit faster. Me and my partner work very well together figuring out how to set up all of the equipment to make the LED light flash. Also we didn't blame each other when we got something wrong we helped each other understand where they went wrong so they didn't make that same mistake again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Some of the things that limited my learning were that i didn't decided to switch the fuse box after one failed attempt but instead i kept trying the same thing over and over again thinking that something magical will happen and it will be fixed. Also after we got a new fuse box and started the exercise we weren't reading the whole page and just skipped to the exercise which was a bad mistake because most of the stuff written before the exercise is there to help you understand what we are typing or telling us that we need to do something before we start typing </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time me and my partener will carry on what we were doing last lesson but we will also read what is before the question and not try the same thing over and over again. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


