---
title: lesson  13/10/2016
layout: post
author: aidan.meazzo
permalink: /lesson--13/10/2016/
source-id: 10GaDnBomYRX9J1q1yEsEHycb2RWVsCLWzsSOwpZMDcs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 13/10/2016</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/10/2016</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 2-1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Exercise 2-4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Kind of because it only went up to exercise 2-1 and then it skip all the way to exercise 4-1 and have a background image on my github blog page.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today me and Dhilan didn't really work together because we both had different problems with our code for our github blog page. Which is now successful because my teacher explained to be i had copied the wrong link and he then show me where to get the right link from. After that he then explained how to get a transparent column so he can see through the colour but still actually see the colour. The way you get the column to be transparent is you need something call rgba the rgb stands for the three main colours which is red, green and blue and then the a is how transparent you want it to be from 0-1 using decimals.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Some of the habits i need to work on are not to ask a question just because the answer doesn't come to me straight away, i should always try and look it up on the internet or ask a friend and then if i still haven't figured it out i should ask. Also i shouldn't just nod my head to everything the teacher says even if i don't understand it because then in the future if we get a test on it or we need to talk about i don't know what is is and then the teacher will get mad at me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson i will ask a question if i don't understand and explore all options before asking a teacher what i should do. Next lesson i will be working most of this lesson  with my partner unlike this lesson and i will take into account some of the other habits i need to work on to do well in a pair.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


